'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_Begin 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_Begin, EZ_End \- delimit the vertices of a primitive
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void  EZ_Begin(int " mode )
.BI "void  EZ_End(" void )
.SH ARGUMENTS
\fImode\fR Specify the primitive that will be created from vertices
between EZ_Begin and the paring EZ_End. \fImode\fR is one of
EZ_LINES, EZ_LINE_STRIP, EZ_LINE_LOOP, EZ_TRIANGLES, EZ_TRIANGLE_STRIP, 
EZ_TRIANGLE_FAN, EZ_QUADS, EZ_QUAD_STRIP, EZ_POLYGON and EZ_POINTS.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fIEZ_Begin\fR and \fIEZ_End\fR pair delimit vertices that define
a primitive or a list of primitives.  \fImode\fR determines the
interpretation of subsequent vertices. The interpretation of
\fImode\fR is described below.
.sp
.in +3
\fBEZ_LINES\fR Treats each pair of vertices as a separate line segment.
.sp
\fBEZ_LINE_STRIP\fR Subsequent vertices defines a polyline.
.sp
\fBEZ_LINE_LOOP\fR Subsequent vertices defines a closed polyline.
.sp
\fBEZ_TRIANGLES\fR Treats each triplet of vertices as a separate
triangle.
.sp
\fBEZ_TRIANGLE_STRIP\fR Subsequent vertices defines a triangular
strip. The first 3 vertices defines the first triangle; vertices
3,2,4 defines the second triangle; vertices 3,4,5 defines the third
triangle ...
.sp
\fBEZ_TRIANGLE_FAN\fR Subsequent verticse defines a group of
triangles. All of them share the first vertex. Thus, vertices
1,2,3 defines the first triangle; vertices 1,2,4 defines the second
triangle ...
.sp
\fBEZ_QUADS\fR Treats every group of four vertices as a separate
quadrilateral.
.sp
\fBEZ_QUAD_STRIP\fR  Subsequent verticse defines a group of
quadrilaterals. Vertices 1,2,4,3 defines the first one; vertices
3,4,6,5 defines the second one ...
.sp
\fBEZ_POLYGON\fR Subsequent vertices defines a polygon.
.sp
\fBEZ_POINTS\fR Treats subsequent vertices as individual points.
.in -2
.PP

\fBEZ_Begin/EZ_End\fR pair cannot be nested. The only commands allowed
inside a \fBEZ_Begin/EZ_End\fR pair are: EZ_Vertex, EZ_Color,
EZ_Index, EZ_Normal, EZ_Material, EZ_Light, EZ_CallList.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_Normal3f(3), EZ_Color3f(3), EZ_Index(3)

