'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_CreateSimpleMenu 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_CreateSimpleMenu  \- create a menu

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI " EZ_CreateSimpleMenu( char *" str ", " ... )

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIstr\fR  Specifies a string which configures
the menu.  There are six menu item type flags.

.sp
%t      Makes non-formating text in this item as the menu title string.
.sp
%F      Gets the callback procedure and the client data to be passed
to the callback from the optional arguments. This callback procedure 
will be invoked whenever a valid selection has been made on this menu.
(callback of the menu.)
.sp
%c      Sets the class name of the current menu-item to be the
string following this formating text and before the next '%' or '|'.
.sp
%c      Sets the instance name of the current menu-item to be the
string following this formating text and before the next '%' or '|'.
.sp
%f      Gets the callback procedure and the client data to be passed
to the callback for this menu-item from the optional arguments.
.sp
%l  Inserts a menu separator.
.sp
%m Makes a submenu-item and gets the submenu from the optional
arguments.
.sp
%n Sets the instace name of this menu item to be the substring
after the current formating character and before the next formating
character or |.
.sp
%i Sets the class name of this menu item to be the substring
after the current formating characters and before the next 
formating characters or |.
.sp
%u# Sets the index of the character to be underlined.
.sp
%p  Set the client pointer data to be attached to the menu. The client
data will be retrieved from the optional arguments.
.sp
%p  Set the client integer data to be attached to the menu. The client
data will be retrieved from the optional arguments.
.sp
%x[0-9]+ Sets the return value for this item. This value overrides the
default position-based return value assigned to this menu-item.
.sp
%k[int,int,int]+ Make this item a menu check button. The three integers
are the on value, off value and initial state (on/off).
.sp
%r[int,int,int]+ Make this item a menu radio button. The three integers
are the radio button group id, the values this item represents and
the initial value of the group variable.
.PP
\fI...\fR specify the optional arguments.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateSimpleMenu\fR creates a menu widget and returns the
pointer to the menu.
.PP

.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
void       submenu1Callback(EZ_Widget *, void *);
void       Item2Callback(EZ_Widget *, void *);

EZ_Widget *submenu1 = EZ_CreateSimpleMenu(``%F|red|green%x123%cGreenItem|blue%nBlueItem|%l|||'',
                                                submenu1Callback, NULL);

EZ_Widget *menu = EZ_CreateSimpleMenu(``%T Test Menu|Item 1|Item 2%f|submenu%m|last item''
                                                Item2Callback, NULL, submenu1);
.fi

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_CreateMenuFromList(3), EZ_DoPopup(3) 


