'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromImageFile 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromImageFile, EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXBitmapData,
EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXBitmapFile, EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXpmData,
EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXpmFile, EZ_FreeLabelPixmap \- create/free an internal label pixmap
from file or data


.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "EZ_Pixmap *EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromImageFile(char *" file )
.BI "EZ_Pixmap *EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXBitmapData(char *" file ", unsigned int "w ", unsigned int " h)
.BI "EZ_Pixmap *EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXBitmapFile(char *" file )
.BI "EZ_Pixmap *EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXpmData(char **" data )
.BI "EZ_Pixmap *EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXpmFile(char *" file)
.BI "EZ_Pixmap *EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXPixmap(Pixmap " pix ", Pixmap " shape ", int " px ", int " py,
.BI "                                           int " pw ", int " ph ", int " reuse );
.BI "void       EZ_FreeLabelPixmap(EZ_Pixmap *"file)

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIfile\fR  Specifies a unix file name.
.sp
\fIdata\fR  Specifies an XPM data or an X bitmap data.
.sp
\fIw\fR, \fIh\fR  Specify the width and height of a X bitmap.
.sp
\fIpix\fR, \fIshape\fR Specify a native X pixmap and a shape mask (native X bitmap).
.sp
\fIpx,py,pw,ph\fR Specify a rectangle within the pixmap.
.sp
\fRreuse\fR Specify whether or not the pixmap created should be inserted
in the lookup hash table. Set to False if you are going to modify \fIpix\fR
and you are going to reference \fIpix\fR  in the future.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This set of functions creates an internal representation of a pixmap
to be used for lables, from various sources. They return the pointer
to the created pixmap if sucessful and return NULL otherwise.
 All these function search for files in
the following directories: the current directory, $EZ_LIBDIR, 
/usr/include/X11/bitmaps and /usr/include/X11/pixmaps.
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromImageFile\fR  creates a pixmap from an
image file. Currently EZWGL reads images in PPM, GIF, XPM and JPEG
formats.
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXBitmapFile\fR  creates a pixmap from an
x-bitmap file. The created pixmap is a bitmap.
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXBitmapData\fR  creates a pixmap from an
x-bitmap data. The created pixmap is a bitmap.
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXpmData\fR creates a pixmap from an
XPM data set.
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXpmFile\fR creates a pixmap from an
XPM file.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_ConfigureWidget(3), EZ_CreateXPixmapFromBitmapFile(3),
EZ_CreateXPixmapFromXpmData(3)
.br



