'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_ClearListBox 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_ClearListBox, EZ_DeleteListBoxItem, EZ_InsertListBoxItem,
EZ_ModifyListBoxItem, EZ_AppendListBoxItem 
EZ_ListBoxSelectItem, EZ_ListBoxSelectItemUsingIdx  \- listbox editing functions

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void EZ_ClearListBox( EZ_Widget *" listbox)
.BI "void EZ_DeleteListBoxItem( EZ_Widget *" listbox ", int " idx)
.BI "void EZ_InsertListBoxItem( EZ_Widget *" listbox ", char *" str ", int " idx)
.BI "void EZ_ModifyListBoxItem( EZ_Widget * " listbox ", char *" str ", int " idx)
.BI "void EZ_AppendListBoxItem( EZ_Widget * " listbox ", char *" str )
.BI "void EZ_ListBoxSelectItem( EZ_Widget *" listbox ", char *" str )
.BI "void EZ_ListBoxSelectItemUsingIdx( EZ_Widget *" listbox ", int " idx )


.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIlistbox\fR  Specifies a listbox widget.
.sp
\fIstr\fR  Specifies a textual string.
.sp
\fIidx\fR  Specifies an array index.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBEZ_ClearListBox\fR clears the listbox.
.PP
\fBEZ_DeleteListBoxItem\fR deletes the specified item.
.PP
\fBEZ_InsertListBoxItem\fR inserts the given item at the specified
position.
.PP
\fBEZ_AppendListBoxItem\fR appends \fIstr\fR at the end of
the list of items in \fBlistbox\fR.
.PP
\fBEZ_ModifyListBoxItem\fR replaces the item at location \fIidx\fR by
\fIstr\fR.
.PP
\fBEZ_ListBoxSelectItem\fR sets the selection on the
specified item. If sucessful, the display will be adjusted so that the
selection is visible.
.PP
\fBEZ_ListBoxSelectItemUsingIdx\fR behaves the
same as \fBEZ_ListBoxSelectItem\fR except that it
uses the index instead of the item string.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_GetListBoxSelection(3), EZ_SetListBoxItems(3)
.br


