'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_ConfigureItem 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_ConfigureItem \- configure a display item
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void EZ_ConfigureItem(EZ_Item *" item ", " ... )

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIitem\fR Specifies a display item.
.sp
\fI ...\fR Specify configuration options and their values.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fIEZ_ConfigureItem\fR sets or modifies item attributes, things
like label string, color, border. This function takes a 
variable length arguments, a list of symbols each followed by one or
more values. The last symbol must be \fBNULL\fR, which is itself not
followed by any values.

.SH CONFIGURATION SYMBOLS AND THEIR VALUES
The set of item configuration options and their values
are listed below. For each option value, the string before
the last _ is its type.
.sp
\fBEZ_BORDER_WIDTH\fR, \fIint_bw\fR 
.in +5
Specifies a border width.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_BORDER_TYPE\fR, \fIint_bt\fR
.in +5
Specifies a border type. \fIint_bt\fR must be one of EZ_BORDER_NONE,
EZ_BORDER_FLAT, EZ_BORDER_RIDGE, EZ_BORDER_GROOVE, EZ_BORDER_RAISED or
EZ_BORDER_SUNKEN.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_PADX\fR, \fIint_px\fR
.in +5
Specifies the horizontal padding between the item border and its contents.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_PADY\fR, \fIint_py\fR
.in +5
Specifies the vertical padding between the item border and its contents.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_IPADX\fR, \fIint_ipx\fR
.in +5
Specifies the amount of spaces to be inserted horizontally between
textual label and image label. It is used only when the item has
a horizontal orientation.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_IPADY\fR, \fIint_ipy\fR
.in +5
Specifies the amount of spaces to be inserted vertically between
textual label and image label. It is used only when the item has
a vertical orientation.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_ORIENTATION\fR, \fIint_ori\fR
.in +5
Specifies the orientation of an item. \fIori\fR must be EZ_HORIZONTAL
or EZ_VERTICAL.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_LABEL_POSITION\fR, \fIint_lp\fR
.in +5
Specifies a location to anchor a label. \fIint_lp\fR must be one of
EZ_CENTER, EZ_LEFT, EZ_RIGHT, EZ_TOP, EZ_BOTTOM,  EZ_TOP_LEFT,
EZ_TOP_RIGHT, EZ_BOTTOM_LEFT or EZ_BOTTOM_RIGHT.  This attribute
is used only when an item has been given a size which is larger
than its minimal size.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_LABEL_JUSTIFICATION\fR, \fIint_jst\fR
.in +5
Specifies the justfication for textual labels. \fIint_jst\fR must be
one of EZ_CENTER, EZ_LEFT or EZ_RIGHT.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_CALLBACK\fR, \fIEZ_CallBack_cbk\fR, \fIvoidptr_cdata\fR
.in +5
Specifies a callback procedure and a client data to be passed to the
callback. Use this option only when an item is to have only one callback.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_FOREGROUND\fR, \fIstr_fg\fR
.in +5
Specifies a forground color.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_BACKGROUND\fR, \fIstr_bg\fR
.in +5
Specifies a background color.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_PIXMAP_FILE\fR, \fIstr_filename\fR
.in +5
Specifies an X bitmap file or a X pixmap file (an xpm image).
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_BITMAP_DATA\fR, \fIarray_of_char\fR,\fIint_width\fR,\fIint_height\fR
.in +5
Specify an X bitmap.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_PIXMAP_DATA\fR, \fIarray_of_str\fR
.in +5
Specifies an XPM image data.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_X_PIXMAP\fR,
\fIPixmap_p\fR,\fIint_x\fR,\fIint_y\fR,\fIint_width\fR,\fIint_height\fR
.in +5
Specify a rectangular region of a native X pixmap to be used as an
image label.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_LABEL_PIXMAP\fR, \fIEZ_Pixmap_p\fR
.in +5
Specifies an internal pixmap.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_FONT_ID\fR, \fIint_id\fR
.in +5
Specifies a fond id.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_FONT_NAME\fR, \fIstr_filename\fR
.in +5
Spcifies an X11 font name.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_TEXT_LINE_LENGTH\fR, \fIint_len\fR
.in +5
Specifies the wrap around length for textual labels.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_IMAGE_FILE\fR, \fIstr_name\fR
.in +5
Specifies an image file name. Supported image formats are: ppm, xpm,
bmp, gif and jpeg. 
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_LABEL_STRING\fR, \fIstr_label\fR
.in +5
Specifies a textual label.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_CLIENT_PTR_DATA\fR, \fIptr_data\fR
.in +5
Specifies a generic pointer to be stored in a item.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_CLIENT_INT_DATA\fR, \fIint_data\fR
.in +5
Specifies an integer to be stored in a item.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_DESTROY_CALLBACK\fR, \fIEZ_CallBack_callback\fR, \fIptr_data\fR
.in +5
Specify a destroy callback and a client data to be passed to the
callback. Use this option only when an item is to have only one
destroy callback.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_DND_DRAG_CURSOR\fR, \fICursor_cur\fR
.in +5
Specifies an X cursor for drag and drop. The specified cursor will
replace the default cursor when the item is being draged.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_DND_BUBBLE_HELP\fR, \fIstr_hlp\fR
.in +5
Specifies a DND bubble help string. DND bubble will be displayed when
a drag is paused over an item and the item is a drop site. 
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_X\fR, \fIint_x\fR 
.br
.in +5
Specifies the x coordinate of the upper-left
corner of an item in its hosting window.
.in -5
.sp 
\fBEZ_Y\fR, \fIint_y\fR 
.in +5
Specifies the y coordinate of the upper-left
corner of an item in its hosting window.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_WIDTH\fR, \fIint_w\fR
.in +5
Specifies the width of an item.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_HEIGHT\fR, \fIint_h\fR
.in +5
Specifies the height of an item.
.in -5
.sp
.sp
\fBEZ_LOCATION\fR, \fIint_x\fR, \fIint_y\fR
.in +5
Specify the coordinates of the upper-left corner of an item
in its hosting window.
.in -5
.sp
\fBEZ_SIZE\fR, \fIint_w\fR, \fIint_h\fR
.in +5
Specify the width and height of an item.
.in -5
.sp

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_CreateItem(3), EZ_DestroyItem(3)


