'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_CreateWidget 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_CreateWidget, EZ_CreateWidgetXrm \- create an EZ widget
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "EZ_Widget *EZ_CreateWidget(int " type ", EZ_Widget *" parent ", " ... )
.sp
.BI "EZ_Widget *EZ_CreateWidgetXrm(int " type ", EZ_Widget *" parent,
.BI "            char *" name ", char *" className ", " ... )
.sp
.SH ARGUMENTS
\fItype\fR Specifies a symbolic widget type (see below). 
.sp
\fIparent\fR Specifies the parent widget or NULL.
.sp
\fIclassName\fR Specifies a class name.
.sp
\fIname\fR Specifies an instance name.
.sp
\fI ...\fR Specifies configuration options, a list of symbols 
each followed by one or more values. The last symbol must
be \fBNULL\fR, which is itself not followed by any values.
.sp
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fIEZ_CreateWidget\fR creates a widget and initializes the widget
using the specified configuration options. Then it reads the
resource database and configure the widget use resources
found in the database.
.PP
\fIEZ_CreateWidgetXrm\fR is equivalent to  \fIEZ_CreateWidget\fR 
with both \fBEZ_CLASS\fR and \fBEZ_NAME\fR attributes
specified.
.PP
Example 
.sp
.nf
   extern void exit();
   EZ_Widget *button;
                           /* type                   parent */
   button = EZ_CreateWidget(EZ_WIDGET_NORMAL_BUTTON, NULL,
                            /* option,       option value(s) */
                            EZ_LABEL_STRING, "Hello World",
                            EZ_UNDERLINE,    0,
                            EZ_CALLBACK,     exit, NULL,
                            0);
.sf
.sp
creates a push button widget labeled by "Hello World" with
the letter 'H' underlined.

.SH SYMBOLIC WIDGET TYPES 
.sp
.nf
EZ_WIDGET_FRAME,                  EZ_WIDGET_NORMAL_BUTTON, 
EZ_WIDGET_CHECK_BUTTON,            EZ_WIDGET_RADIO_BUTTON, 
EZ_WIDGET_MENU_BUTTON,           EZ_WIDGET_MENU_SEPARATOR, 
EZ_WIDGET_LABEL,                    EZ_WIDGET_RAW_XWINDOW, 
EZ_WIDGET_MENU_SUBMENU,      EZ_WIDGET_MENU_NORMAL_BUTTON, 
EZ_WIDGET_MENU_CHECK_BUTTON,  EZ_WIDGET_MENU_RADIO_BUTTON, 
EZ_WIDGET_VERTICAL_SLIDER,    EZ_WIDGET_HORIZONTAL_SLIDER, 
EZ_WIDGET_ENTRY,             EZ_WIDGET_VERTICAL_SCROLLBAR, 
EZ_WIDGET_HORIZONTAL_SCROLLBAR,        EZ_WIDGET_LIST_BOX,
EZ_WIDGET_TEXT,                       EZ_WIDGET_NOTE_BOOK, 
EZ_WIDGET_PANE_HANDLE,                 EZ_WIDGET_EXECUTOR, 
EZ_WIDGET_OPTIONAL_ENTRY,         EZ_WIDGET_FILE_SELECTOR, 
EZ_WIDGET_TREE,                       EZ_WIDGET_LIST_TREE, 
EZ_WIDGET_FANCY_LIST_BOX,             EZ_WIDGET_WORK_AREA, 
EZ_WIDGET_FREE_LABEL,                 EZ_WIDGET_3D_CANVAS,
EZ_WIDGET_NB_PAGE,                     EZ_WIDGET_NW_LABEL,
EZ_WIDGET_ICON,                             EZ_WIDGET_LCD,
EZ_WIDGET_LED,                     EZ_WIDGET_STATUS_METER,
EZ_WIDGET_MENU_BAR                         EZ_WIDGET_TERM,
EZ_WIDGET_HORIZONTAL_RULER,      EZ_WIDGET_VERTICAL_RULER,
EZ_WIDGET_SCROLL_BUTTON,            EZ_WIDGET_SPIN_BUTTON,
EZ_WIDGET_LOCATOR,                         EZ_WIDGET_DIAL,
EZ_WIDGET_GRADIENT_BAR,               EZ_WIDGET_HISTOGRAM,
EZ_WIDGET_SPREAD_SHEET,             EZ_WIDGET_THUMB_WHEEL,
.sf
.PP


.SH CONFIGURATION SYMBOLS AND THEIR VALUES

See manual for a complete list of resources/configuration
options.


.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_DisplayWidget(3), EZ_ConfigureWidget(3), EZ_DestroyWidget(3)


