'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_CreateCursor "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_CreateCursorFromBitmapFile, EZ_CreateCursorFromBitmapData \- define
an X cursor

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "Cursor EZ_CreateCursorFromBitmapFile(char *" file ", char *" maskfile,
.BI "                        char *" fgcolor ", char *" bgcolor ", 
.BI "                        int " hotx ", int "hoty,
.BI "                        char *" name ", int *" idx_ret )
.sp
.BI "Cursor EZ_CreateCursorFromBitmapData(int " width ", int " height,
.BI "                        char *" data ", char *" mask
.BI "                        char *" fgcolor ", char *" bgcolor ", 
.BI "                        int " hotx ", int "hoty,
.BI "                        char *" name ", int *" idx_ret )
.sp


.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIfile\fR  Specifies a file to read the cursor bitmap.
.sp
\fImaskfile\fR  Specifies a file to read the cursor mask bitmap or NULL.
.sp
\fIfgcolor\fR Specifies the foreground color for the cursor or NULL.
.sp
\fIbgcolor\fR Specifies the background color for the cursor or NULL.
.sp
\fIhotx\fR,\fIhoty\fR Specify a hotspot in the bitmap.
.sp
\fIdata\fR Specifies the bitmap bits.
.sp
\fImask\fR Specifies the mask bitmap bits or NULL.
.sp
\fIwidth\fR,\fIheight\fR Specify the dimension of the bitmaps.
.sp
\fIname\fR  Specifies a name for the cursor being created.
.sp
\fIidx_ret\fR Specifies a return for the internal identifier
for the cursor being created.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
These two functions create an X cursor from the specified
X bitmaps, and return the X cursor id. In case of failure,
they return \fINone\fR.  \fIname\fR, if specified, can be
used in \fBEZ_GetCursorByName\fR to retrieve the cursor.
The value returned to \fIidx_ret\fR can be used in
\fBEZ_GetCursor\fR to return the cursor.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_GetCursor(3), EZ_WaitCursor(3)
.br



