'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromImageFile 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_CreateXPixmapFromImageFile, EZ_CreateXPixmapFromBitmapFile, 
EZ_CreateXPixmapFromXpmData, EZ_CreateXPixmapFromXpmFile,
EZ_FreeXPixmap  \- create/free native X pixmap from file or data

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "int EZ_CreateXPixmapFromImageFile(char *" file ", unsigned int *" w_ret,
.BI  "         unsigned int *" h_ret ", Pixmap *"pixmap_ret )

.BI "int EZ_CreateXPixmapFromXpmData(char **" data ", unsigned int *" w_ret,
.BI  "         unsigned int *" h_ret ", Pixmap *"pixmap_ret ", Pixmap *" shape_ret )

.BI "int EZ_CreateXPixmapFromXpmData(char *" file ", unsigned int *" w_ret,
.BI  "         unsigned int *" h_ret ", Pixmap *"pixmap_ret ", Pixmap *" shape_ret )

.BI "int EZ_CreateXPixmapFromBitmapFile(char *" file ", unsigned int *" w_ret,
.BI  "         unsigned int *" h_ret ", Pixmap *"pixmap_ret ", Pixmap *" shape_ret )

.BI "void EZ_FreeXPixmap(Pixmap "pximap )

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIfile\fR  Specifies a unix file name.
.sp
\fIdata\fR  Specifies an XPM data or an X bitmap data.
.sp
\fIw_ret\fR, \fIh_ret\fR  Specify the returns for the width and height
of the X pixmap.
.sp
\fIpixmap_ret\fR   Specifies the returns for the X pixmap.
.sp
\fIshape_ret\fR   Specifies the returns for shape mask or NULL.
.sp
\fIpixmap\fR   Specifies an X pixmap.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This set of functions create native  X pixmaps from various sources. 
They return the identifier of the created pixmap if sucessful and
return None otherwise.  All these functions search for files in
the following directories: the current directory, $EZ_LIBDIR, 
/usr/include/X11/bitmaps and /usr/include/X11/pixmaps.
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateXPixmapFromImageFile\fR  creates an X pixmap from an
image file. Currently EZWGL reads images in PPM, GIF, XPM and JPEG
formats.
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateLabelXFromXBitmapFile\fR  creates an X pixmap from an
x-bitmap file. The created pixmap is a bitmap.
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateXPixmapFromXBitmapData\fR  creates a pixmap from an
x-bitmap data. The created pixmap is a bitmap.
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXpmData\fR creates a pixmap from an
XPM data set.
.PP
\fBEZ_CreateLabelPixmapFromXpmFile\fR creates a pixmap from an
XPM file.
.PP
\fBEZ_FreeXPixmap\fR frees the specified X pixmap. It is equivalent to
.br
.in +8
XFreePixmap(EZ_GetDisplay(), pixmap)
.in -8

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_ConfigureWidget(3), EZ_CreateXPixmapFromBitmapFile(3),
EZ_CreateXPixmapFromXpmData(3)
.br



