'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_DefineMaterial 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_DefineMaterial, EZ_BindMaterial \- define material parameters

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "EZ_Material *EZ_DefineMaterial(float *" parameters )
.BI "void EZ_BindMaterial(int "face ", EZ_Material *" material )

.SH ARGUMENTS
.sp
\fIparameters\fR  Specifies material properties.
.sp
\fIface\fR Specifies a face, either EZ_FRONT or EZ_BACK or EZ_FRONT_AND_BACK.
.sp
\fImaterial\fR Specifies a pre-defined material.
.sp

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBEZ_DefineMaterial\fR defines a material based on the
specified parameters. The defined material can later be
bind to one of the two current materials.
.PP
\fIparameters\fR specifies an array of floating point symbols and
values that defines the material properties.
\fIparameters\fR must contain a sequence of lighting symbols,
each followed by the appropriate number of floating point values. 
The last symbol must be EZ_NULL_F, which is itself not followed by any
values.
.sp
The symbols are:
.in +3
.sp
\fBEZ_EMISSION_F\fR specifies the emisive color of the material,
must followed by 4 floats in the range [0.0, 1.0] that specify the
intensity of the RGBA components of the color.
.sp
\fBEZ_AMBIENT_F\fR specifies the ambient color of the material,
must followed by 4 floats in the range [0.0, 1.0] that specify the
intensity of the RGBA components of the color.
.sp
\fBEZ_DIFFUSE_F\fR specifies the diffuse color of the material,
must followed by 4 floats in the range [0.0, 1.0] that specify the
intensity of the RGBA components of the color.
.sp
\fBEZ_SPECULAR_F\fR specifies the specular color of the material,
must followed by 4 floats in the range [0.0, 1.0] that specify the
intensity of the RGBA components of the color.
.sp
\fBEZ_SHININESS_F\fR specifies the shininess of the material,
must followed by a non-negative floating point number that
specifies the shininess exponent.
.sp
\fBEZ_COLOR_INDICES_F\fR specifies the indices that to be used
for lighting calculations in index mode. Must be followed by
three floats that specify the ambient, diffuse and specular
color indices.
.in -3
.PP
\fBEZ_BindMaterial\fR binds the specified pre-defined material
to the specified current material.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_DefineLightSrc(3), EZ_DefineLightModel(3), EZ_BindLightSrc(3),
EZ_BindLightModel(3)
