'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_EnterEvent 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_EnterEvent, EZ_GLEnterEvent \- enter an event

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "int EZ_EnterEvent( EZ_Widget *" widget ", int "etype ", int *" values )
.BI "int EZ_GLEnterEvent( EZ_Widget *" canvas ", int "etype ", int *" values )

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIwidget\fR  Specifies a widget.
.sp
\fIcanvas\fR  Specifies a 3D canvas.
.sp
\fIetype\fR Specifies the type of event to be entered. It must be one of
EZ_REDRAW, EZ_RESIZE, EZ_LEFT_BUTTON_PRESS, EZ_MIDDLE_BUTTON_PRESS, 
EZ_RIGHT_BUTTON_PRESS, EZ_LEFT_BUTTON_RELEASE, EZ_MIDDLE_BUTTON_RELEASE, 
EZ_RIGHT_BUTTON_RELEASE, EZ_POINTER_MOTION, EZ_ENTER_WINDOW, EZ_LEAVE_WINDOW
or EZ_KEY_PRESS.
.sp
\fIvalues\fR Specifies additional information relevent to the event
being sent or NULL.

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBEZ_EnterEvent\fR enters the specified event to the specified widget
window. It returns 1 on success and returns 0 otherwise.
.PP
If \fIvalues\fR is not NULL, its interpretation depends on the event type.
.sp
.in +2
If \fIetype\fR is button-press, button-release or pointer-motion, 
\fIvalues[0]\fR and \fIvalues[1]\fR specified the position of the
pointer.
.sp
If \fIetype\fR is key-press, \fIvalues[0]\fR is the key being pressed
and \fIvalues[1]\fR & (ControlMask | Mod1Mask | ShiftMask) represents
the state of the modifier keys.
.in -2
.PP
\fBEZ_GLEnterEvent\fR is very similar to \fBEZ_EnterEvent\fR except
that it only sends events to 3D canvases.
