'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_FancyListBoxClear 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_FancyListBoxClear, EZ_FancyListBoxDeleteRow, EZ_FancyListBoxInsertRow,
EZ_FancyListBoxReplaceItem, EZ_FancyListBoxReplaceItemUsingIdx, 
EZ_FancyListBoxSelectItem, EZ_FancyListBoxSelectItemUsingIdx \- fancy
listbox editing functions

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void EZ_FancyListBoxClear( EZ_Widget *" flistbox)
.BI "void EZ_FancyListBoxDeleteRow( EZ_Widget *" flistbox ", int " row)
.BI "void EZ_FancyListBoxInsertRow( EZ_Widget *" flistbox ", 
.BI "                EZ_Item **" items ", int " nitems ", int " row)
.BI "void EZ_FancyListBoxReplaceItem( EZ_Widget * " flistbox, 
.BI "                 EZ_Item *" olditem ", EZ_Item *" newitem)
.BI "void EZ_FancyListBoxReplaceItemUsingIdx( EZ_Widget *"flistbox,
.BI "                int " row ", int " col ", EZ_Item *" newitem )
.BI "void EZ_FancyListBoxSelectItem( EZ_Widget *" flistbox,
.BI "                    EZ_Item *" item ", int *" location )
.BI "void EZ_FancyListBoxSelectItemUsingIdx(EZ_Widget *" flistbox,
.BI "           int " row ", int " col ", int *" location)


.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIflistbox\fR  Specifies a fancy listbox widget.
.sp
\fIrow\fR  Specifies a row index.
.sp
\fIcol_ret\fR  Specifies a column index.
.sp
\fIitems\fR  Specifies an array of display items.
.sp
\fInitems\fR  Specifies the number of entires in \fIitems\fR.
.sp
\fIolditem\fR  Specifies a display item to be replaced.
.sp
\fInewitem\fR  Specifies a display item to replace \fIolditem\fR.
.sp
\fIlocation\fR Specifies an array of two integers or NULL. 

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBEZ_FancyListBoxClear\fR destroies all display items it currently
manages and clears the display.
.PP
\fBEZ_FancyListBoxDeleteRow\fR deletes the specified row.
.PP
\fBEZ_FancyListBoxInsertRow\fR inserts the given array of display
items at the specified position.
.PP
\fBEZ_FancyListBoxReplaceItem\fR replaces \fIolditem\fR with
\fInewitem\fR.
.PP
\fBEZ_FancyListBoxReplaceItemUsingIdx\fR replaces the item at
the specified location with \fInewitem\fR.
.PP
\fBEZ_FancyListBoxSelectItem\fR sets the selection on the
specified item. If \fIlocation\fR is not NULL, the display
will be refreshed so that the selected item will be 
displayed at the given location.
.PP
\fBEZ_FancyListBoxSelectItemUsingIdx\fR behaves the
same as \fBEZ_FancyListBoxSelectItem\fR except that it
uses indices.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_GetFancyListBoxSelection(3), EZ_GetFancyListBoxItemUsingIdx(3),
EZ_SetFancyListBoxData(3), EZ_SetFancyListBoxHeader(3)
.br


