'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_Fogfv 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_Fogfv \- set fog parameters

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void EZ_Fogfv(int "attr ", float *" pvalues )

.SH ARGUMENTS
.sp
\fIattr\fR Specifies which attribute is being updated.
Must be one of EZ_FOG_MODE, EZ_FOG_DENSITY, EZ_FOG_COLOR,
EZ_FOG_INDEX, EZ_FOG_START, EZ_FOG_END.
.sp
\fIpvalues\fR Specifies the values for the specified \fIattr\fR in
an array of floats.

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBEZ_Fogfv\fR sets fog parameters. Fog is enabled/disabled by
EZ_Enable/EZ_Disable with argument EZ_FOG.
.sp
If \fIattr\fR is EZ_FOG_MODE, \fIpvalues\fR should be an array
of a single floating point number, which must be either
EZ_LINEAR or EZ_EXP or EZ_EXP2. It selects one of the three
fog models.
.sp
If \fIattr\fR is EZ_FOG_COLOR, \fIpvalues\fR should be an array of 4
floats in [0.0, 1.0].
.sp
If \fIattr\fR is EZ_FOG_DENSITY, \fIpvalues\fR should be an array
of a single floating point number, which specifies the fog density.
.sp
If \fIattr\fR is EZ_FOG_START,  \fIpvalues\fR should be an array
of a single floating point number in range [0.0, 1.0].
It sets the starting position for fog calculations, with 0.0 represents
the far clipping plane and 1.0 represents the near clipping plane.
.sp
If \fIattr\fR is EZ_FOG_END,  \fIpvalues\fR should be an array
of a single floating point number in range [0.0, 1.0]. It sets the
ending position for fog calculations, with 0.0 represents
the far clipping plane and 1.0 represents the near clipping plane.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_Color3f(3), EZ_Normal3f(3), EZ_Vertex3f(3), EZ_Lightf(3), EZ_Materialf(3)


