'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_GetWidgetGeometry 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_GetWidgetGeometry, EZ_GetWidgetPosition,
EZ_GetWidgetWidth, EZ_GetWidgetHeight,  EZ_GetWidgetBorderWidth,
EZ_GetWidgetDimension, EZ_GetWidgetMinDimension,
EZ_GetWidgetMinHeight, EZ_GetWidgetMinWidth \- retrieve the geometry of a widget

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void  EZ_GetWidgetGeometry( EZ_Widget" *widget ",  int " *x_ret ", "int " *y_ret, 
.BI "                                             int " *w_ret ", int " *h_ret )
.BI "void  EZ_GetWidgetPosition( EZ_Widget " *widget ", int " *x_ret ", int " *y_ret);
.BI "int   EZ_GetWidgetWidth( EZ_Widget " *widget )
.BI "int   EZ_GetWidgetHeight( EZ_Widget " *widget )
.BI "void  EZ_GetWidgetDimenison( EZ_Widget" *widget ",  int " *w_ret ", "int " *h_ret)
.BI "int   EZ_GetWidgetBorderWidth( EZ_Widget " *widget )
.BI "int   EZ_GetWidgetMinWidth( EZ_Widget " *widget )
.BI "int   EZ_GetWidgetMinHeight( EZ_Widget " *widget )
.BI "void  EZ_GetWidgetMinDimenison( EZ_Widget " *widget,
.BI "                      int " *minw_ret ", int " *minh_ret)

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIwidget\fR  Specifies an EZ Widget.
.sp
\fIx_ret\fR, \fIy_ret\fR  Returns the coordinates of the upper-left corner of
the widget window. 
.sp
\fIw_ret\fR, \fIh_ret\fR  Returns the width and height of the widget window.
.sp
\fIminw_ret\fR, \fIminh_ret\fR  Returns the minimal width and minimal 
height of the widget window.
.sp

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBEZ_GetWidgetGeometry\fR returns the geometry of the widget
window. If the widget window has not been created, it returns
0 to \fIx_ret\fR, \fIy_ret\fR  and returns 1 to
\fIw_ret\fR, \fIh_ret\fR.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetWidgetPosition\fR returns the location of the upper-left
corner of its widget window relative to the upper-left corner of
its parent window. If the widget window has not been created, it
returns 0.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetWidgetWidth\fR returns the width of the widget window or
1 if the widget window has not been created.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetWidgetHeight\fR returns the height of the widget window or
1 if the widget window has not been created.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetWidgetDimenison\fR returns the width and the height of the
widget window.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetWidgetBorderWidth\fR returns the border width of a widget.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetWidgetMinWidth\fR returns the minimal width of the widget
window. 
.PP
\fBEZ_GetWidgetMinHeight\fR returns the minimal height of the
widget window.
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_GetWidgetAbsoluteGeometry(3)
.br
EZ_SetWidgetPosition(3),
.br
 EZ_SetWidgetWidth(3), EZ_SetWidgetHeight(3),


