'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_GetScrollbarState 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_GetScrollbarState,  EZ_UpdateScrollbar \- set and get
the states of a scroll bar

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void EZ_GetScrollbarState(EZ_Widget *" scrollbar,
.BI "      int *" totalsize_ret ", int *" pagesize_ret ", int *" start_ret)
.sp
.BI "void EZ_UpdateScrollbar(EZ_Widget *" scrollbar,
.BI "       int " totalsize ", int " pagesize ", int " start)

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIscrollbar\fR  Specifies a scrollbar widget.
.sp
\fItotalsize_ret\fR  Specifies a return for the total size of the
object controlled by the scrollbar.
.sp
\fIpagesize_ret\fR  Specifies a return for the page size.
.sp
\fIstart_ret\fR  Specifies a return for the start position.
.sp
\fItotalsize\fR  Specifies a the total size of the object
controlled by the scrollbar.
.sp
\fIpagesize\fR  Specifies the page size.
.sp
\fIstart\fR  Specifies the start position.

.SH DESCRIPTION
A scrollbar controls the portion of an object to be displayed
in a widget window. The state of a scrollbar consists of three
parameters: The total size of the object, the page size of 
the widget window and the starting location of the displayed page
relative to the starting point of the object. The displayed page
is the segment 
.br
.in +5
[start, start+pagesize] 
.in -5
in object.

.PP
\fBEZ_GetScrollbarState\fR returns the state of a scrollbar.
.PP
\fBEZ_UpdateScrollbar\fR sets the state of a scrollbar.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_CreateWidget(3)



