'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_GetItemIntData 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_SetItemIntData, EZ_SetItemPtrData, EZ_SetItemClientData,
EZ_GetItemIntData, EZ_GetItemPtrData, EZ_GetItemClientData
 \- set/retrieve client data registered to a display item

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void *EZ_SetItemIntData( EZ_Item" *item ", int " idata )
.BI "void *EZ_SetItemPtrData( EZ_Item" *item ", void " *pdata )
.BI "void *EZ_SetItemClientData( EZ_Item" *item,
.BI "        int " idata ", void " *pdata )

.BI "int   EZ_GetItemIntData( EZ_Item" *item )
.BI "void *EZ_GetItemPtrData( EZ_Item" *item )
.BI "void *EZ_GetItemClientData( EZ_Item" *item,
.BI "       int *" i_ret ", void **" p_ret )

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIitem\fR  Specifies a display item .
.sp
\fIidata\fR  Specifies an integer.
.sp
\fIpdata\fR  Specifies a generic pointer.
.sp
\fIi_ret\fR Specifies a return for the integer client data.
.sp
\fIp_ret\fR Specifies a return for the pointer client data.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The EZ_Item data structure provides two fields for application
to hook in application data to a item. One is of type 
\fBint\fR and the other is of type \fBvoid *\fR.
.PP
\fBEZ_SetItemIntData\fR stores an integer in a item.
.PP
\fBEZ_SetItemPtrData\fR stores a pointer in a item.
.PP
\fBEZ_SetItemClientData\fR stores both the integer and the pointer
client data.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetItemIntData\fR returns the integer stored in a
item.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetItemPtrData\fR returns the pointer stored in a
item.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetItemClientData\fR returns both the integer and the pointer
client data.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_CreateItem(3), EZ_AddItemCallBack(3)
