'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_GetItemWidth 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_GetItemWidth, EZ_GetItemHeight, EZ_GetItemDimension,
EZ_GetItemPosition, EZ_SetItemDimension, EZ_SetItemHeight,
EZ_SetItemPosition, EZ_SetItemWidth 
\- set/retrieve the geometry of a display item

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "int  EZ_GetItemHeight(EZ_Item *" item);
.BI "int  EZ_GetItemWidth(EZ_Item *" item);
.BI "void EZ_GetItemDimension(EZ_Item *" item ", int * "w_ret ", int *" h_ret)
.BI "void EZ_GetItemPosition(EZ_Item *" item ", int *" x_ret ", int *" y_ret)
.BI "void EZ_SetItemDimension(EZ_Item *" item ", int " w ", int " h)
.BI "void EZ_SetItemHeight(EZ_Item *" item ", int " h);
.BI "void EZ_SetItemPosition(EZ_Item *" item ", int "x ", int "y)
.BI "void EZ_SetItemWidth(EZ_Item *" item" , int " w)


.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIitem\fR  Specifies a display item.
.sp
\fIx\fR,\fIy\fR Specify the coordinates of the upper-left corner of
the display item.
.sp
\fIx_ret\fR,\fIy_ret\fR Specify the returns for the coordinates of 
the upper-left corner of the display item.
.sp
\fIw\fR,\fIh\fR Specify the width and height for the display item.
.sp
\fIw_ret\fR,\fIh_ret\fR Specify the returns for the width and height
for the display item.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
All these functions are self explanatory. They set or retrieve the
geometric info of a display item. 
.PP
These functions are intended for writing the geometry managers for
the work-area widget. 

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_CreateItem(3)
.br

