'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_GetWidgetIntData 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_SetWidgetIntData, EZ_SetWidgetPtrData, EZ_SetWidgetClientData,
EZ_GetWidgetIntData, EZ_GetWidgetPtrData, EZ_GetWidgetClientData
 \- set/retrieve client data registered to a widget

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void *EZ_SetWidgetIntData( EZ_Widget" *widget ", int " idata )
.BI "void *EZ_SetWidgetPtrData( EZ_Widget" *widget ", void " *pdata )
.BI "void *EZ_SetWidgetClientData( EZ_Widget" *widget,
.BI "        int " idata ", void " *pdata )

.BI "int   EZ_GetWidgetIntData( EZ_Widget" *widget )
.BI "void *EZ_GetWidgetPtrData( EZ_Widget" *widget )
.BI "void *EZ_GetWidgetClientData( EZ_Widget" *widget,
.BI "       int *" i_ret ", void **" p_ret )

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIwidget\fR  Specifies an EZ widget.
.sp
\fIidata\fR  Specifies an integer.
.sp
\fIpdata\fR  Specifies a generic pointer.
.sp
\fIi_ret\fR Specifies a return for the integer client data.
.sp
\fIp_ret\fR Specifies a return for the pointer client data.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The EZ_Widget data structure provides two fields for application
to hook in application data to a widget. One is of type 
\fBint\fR and the other is of type \fBvoid *\fR.
.PP
\fBEZ_SetWidgetIntData\fR stores an integer in a widget.
.PP
\fBEZ_SetWidgetPtrData\fR stores a pointer in a widget.
.PP
\fBEZ_SetWidgetClientData\fR stores both the integer and the pointer
client data.
\fBEZ_GetWidgetIntData\fR returns the integer stored in a
widget.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetWidgetPtrData\fR returns the pointer stored in a
widget.
.PP
\fBEZ_GetWidgetClientData\fR returns both the integer and the pointer
client data.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_CreateWidget(3), EZ_AddEventHandler(3), EZ_AddWidgetCallBack(3)
