'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_Materialf 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_Materialf, EZ_Materialfv \- set material parameters

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void EZ_Materialf(int " face ", int " attr ", float " values )

.BI "void EZ_Materialfv(int " face ", int " attr ", float *" pvalues )

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIface\fR Specifies which face or faces are being updated.
Must be one of EZ_FRONT, EZ_BACK, EZ_FRONT_AND_BACK.
.sp
\fIattr\fR Specifies which material properties are being updated.
Must be one of EZ_EMISSION, EZ_AMBIENT, EZ_DIFFUSE, EZ_SPECULAR,
EZ_SHININESS, EZ_AMBIENT_AND_DIFFUSE or EZ_COLOR_INDICES.
.sp
\fIvalues\fR Specifies the values for the specified \fIattr\fR.
.sp
\fIpvalues\fR Specifies the values for the specified \fIattr\fR in
an array of floats.

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBEZ_Materialf/EZ_Materialfv\fR sets values for material properties.
If the EZ_TWOSIDE lighting model is enabled, there are two sets of
material parameters. One for front-facing polygons and one for
back-facing polygons.
.sp
If \fIattr\fR is one of EZ_EMISSION, EZ_AMBIENT, EZ_DIFFUSE,
EZ_SPECULAR or EZ_AMBIENT_AND_DIFFUSE. \fIvalues\fR should consist
of 4 floats and \fIpvalues\fR should be an array of 4 floats, with
each in interval [0.0, 1.0].
.sp
If \fIattr\fR is EZ_SHININESS, \fIvalues\fR is a float point number 
between 0.0 and 128.0
.sp
If \fIattr\fR is EZ_COLOR_INDICES, \fIvalues\fR should be
3 floating point numbers. 


.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_Color3f(3), EZ_Normal3f(3), EZ_Vertex3f(3), EZ_Lightf(3),
EZ_DefineMaterial(3)



