'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_PutGLImage 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_PutGLImage, EZ_PutGLImageWindow, EZ_PutGLImageXWindow,
EZ_PutGLImageScreen \- create/free an gl image.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void EZ_PutGLImage(EZ_GLImage *" image ", int " x ", int " y,
.BI "                   int " w ", int " h ", float " mx ", float " my ", float "mz )

.BI "void EZ_PutGLImageScreen(EZ_GLImage *" image ", int " x ", int " y,
.BI "                   int " w ", int " h ", float " sx ", float " sy ", float "sz )

.BI "void EZ_PutGLImageWindow(EZ_GLImage *" image ", int " x ", int " y,
.BI "                   int " w ", int " h ", int " wx ", int " wy )

.BI "void EZ_PutGLImageXWindow(EZ_GLImage *" image ", int " x ", int " y,
.BI "                   int " w ", int " h ", int " xx ", int " xy )


.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIimage\fR  Specifies a GL image. Must be created by \fBEZ_CreateGLImage\fR.
.sp
\fIx,y,w,h\fR  Specifies a (rectangular) region of the image to be
displayed. \fI(x,y)\fR specifies the offset of the upper-left corner
relative to the upper-left corner of the image. \fIw\fR and \fIh\fR 
specifies the width and the height of the region.
.sp
\fImx,my,mz\fR  Specifies the location to put the image, in modeling
space.
.sp
\fIsx,sy,sz\fR Specifies the location to put the image, in screen 
coordinates (normalized device coordinates: [-1,1]^3).
.sp
\fIwx,wy\fR  Specifies the location to put the image, in window
coordinates (origin at the lower-left corner).
.sp
\fIxx,xy\fR  Specifies the location to put the image, in X window
coordinates (origin at the upper-left corner).


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
These set of procedures renders an image in the current draw buffer.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_CreateGLImage(3), EZ_DrawString(3)
.br



