'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_QueueLedAction 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_QueueLedAction, EZ_RemoveLedAction \- queue/remove an action for an LED widget

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "int  EZ_QueueLedAction(EZ_Widget *" led ", int " type ", int " delay,
.BI "                      int " count ", char *" message ", char *" color)
.sp
.BI "void  EZ_RemoveLedAction(EZ_Widget *" led ", int " id )
.sp
.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIled\fR  Specifies a LED widget.
.sp
\fItype\fR  Specifies a symbolic LED action name. Must be one of
EZ_LED_SCROLL_LEFT, EZ_LED_SCROLL_RIGHT, EZ_LED_SCROLL_UP,
EZ_LED_SCROLL_DOWN, EZ_LED_SCROLL_CENTER, EZ_LED_SCROLL_CENTER_V,
EZ_LED_SWEEP_LEFT, EZ_LED_SWEEP_RIGHT, EZ_LED_SWEEP_UP,
EZ_LED_SWEEP_DOWN, EZ_LED_SWEEP_CENTER, EZ_LED_SWEEP_CENTER_V,
EZ_LED_BOUNCE, EZ_LED_BOUNCE_V, EZ_LED_SHOW, EZ_LED_BLINK and
EZ_LED_SLEEP.
.sp
\fIdelay\fR Specifies the time delay (in micro seconds) between two 
consecutive frames for this action. It is used to control the speed
of scrolling.
.sp
\fIcount\fR Specifies the number of times this action is going to
be completed.
.sp
\fImessage\fR Specifies the message to be displayed. If NULL, the
most recent message will be displayed.
.sp
\fIcolor\fR Specifies the color to be used along with the specified
action.
.sp
\fIid\fR Specifies the identifier of a queued led action. 

.sp
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBEZ_QueueLedAction\fR queues an action for an LED widget.  The action
will be executed at a later time. If multiple actions are queued
to an LED widget, they will be executed sequentially (FIFO). 
.sp
On success, this function returns a unique positive integer that identifies the
action. It returns -1 on failure.
.PP
\fBEZ_RemoveLedAction\fR removes an queued action for the specified
LED widget. 


.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_LedIsFree(3), EZ_SetLedBackground(3), EZ_SetLedOffPixelColor(3),
EZ_SetLedFont(3), EZ_SetLedWidth(3), EZ_SetLedPixelSize(3), 
EZ_SetLedString(3), EZ_SetLedColorFunction(3)

