'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_RegisterWidget 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_RegisterWidget \- register your own widget


.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void   EZ_RegisterWidget( int " type,
.BI "                         void (*Setup) (EZ_Widget * widget),
.BI "                         void (*ComputeSize) (EZ_Widget *widget , int *w , int *h),
.BI "                         void (*DrawWidget) (EZ_Widget *widget),
.BI "                         void (*FreeData) (EZ_Widget *widget)),
.BI "                         void (*EventHandle) (EZ_Widget *widget, XEvent *event) );



.SH ARGUMENTS
\fItype\fR  Specifies an integer, must be bigger than 65536.
.sp
\fISetup\fR  Specifies a procedure. This procedure is invoked
whenever a new widget of the specified type is created.
.sp
\fIComputeSize\fR  Specifies a procedure. This procedure will
be invoked when the geometry manager needs to update the geometry
of widgets of the specified type.
.sp
\fIDrawWidget\fR  Specifies a procedure. This procedure will be
executed when the display of a widget of the given type need to be
updated.
.sp
\fIFreeData\fR  Specifies a procedure. This procedure will be invoked
when a widget of the specified type is being destroyed.
.sp
\fIEventHandle\fR  Specifies a generic event handler for widgets of
the specified type.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBEZ_RegisterWidget\fR registers a custom designed widget to the
EZ widget library.  After a new widget is registered, it can be handled the
same as other widgets in the library.  Here is an example
.PP
.nf

#include "EZ.h"

#define TEST_TYPE    65537    /* type starts at 65537 */

void TESTsetup(EZ_Widget *widget) { }

void TESTfreeData(EZ_Widget *widget) { }

void TESTcomputeSize(EZ_Widget *widget, int *w, int *h)
{  *w =200; *h=60; }

void TESTdraw(EZ_Widget *widget)
{
  EZ_DrawRectBorder(widget, EZ_GetWidgetWindow(widget));
}	

void TESTeventHandle(EZ_Widget *widget, XEvent *event)
{  if(event->type == Expose) TESTdraw(widget); }


main(int ac, char **av)
{
  EZ_Widget *frame1, *test, *btn;

  EZ_Initialize(ac,av,0);

  /* register our TEST  widget	*/
  EZ_RegisterWidget(TEST_TYPE, TESTsetup, TESTcomputeSize,
		    TESTdraw, TESTfreeData, TESTeventHandle);

  frame1 = EZ_CreateWidget(EZ_WIDGET_FRAME,   NULL,
                           EZ_FILL_MODE,      EZ_FILL_BOTH,
                           EZ_LABEL_STRING,   "Test Widget",
                           NULL);

  test =   EZ_CreateWidget(TEST_TYPE,       frame1,
	 	           EZ_BORDER_TYPE,  EZ_BORDER_UP,
                           EZ_FOREGROUND,   "red",
			   EZ_BACKGROUND,   "#00afaf",
			   EZ_BORDER_WIDTH, 6,
                           NULL);
  btn =    EZ_CreateWidget(EZ_WIDGET_NORMAL_BUTTON,  tmp,
                           EZ_LABEL_STRING,          "A Button",
                           EZ_BACKGROUND,            "#af00af",
			   NULL);
  EZ_DisplayWidget(frame1);
  EZ_EventMainLoop();
}
.fi

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_GetWritableGC(3)
.br


