'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_SetScrollbarDiscreteSpeed 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_SetHScrollbarDiscreteSpeed  \- set the discrete scrolling speed of a scrollbar

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "int EZ_SetHScrollbarDiscreteSpeed(EZ_Widget *" widget ", int " speed)
.sp
.BI "int EZ_SetVScrollbarDiscreteSpeed(EZ_Widget *" widget ", int " speed)

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIwidget\fR  Specifies a scrollbar widget, a text-widget, a listbox, 
a fancy-listbox, a tree-widget or a work-area widget.
.sp
\fIspeed\fR  Specifies a positive integer.

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBEZ_SetHScrollbarDiscreteSpeed\fR sets the discrete scrolling
speed of the horizontal scrollbar on the specified composite widget.
The discrete scrolling speed is used when the arrow button on the
scrollbar is pressed or one of the relevent arrow keys is pressed
while the scrollbar is in focus.
.sp
\fBEZ_SetVScrollbarDiscreteSpeed\fR sets the discrete scrolling
speed of the vertical scrollbar on the specified composite widget.
.sp
The default discrete scrolling speed is 1. The interpretation of this
speed depends on the context. For internal widgets that use
scrollbars, the meaning is following: for TextWidget and ListBox,
the scrolling unit is the height of a text line; for Fancy ListBox,
TreeWidget, WorkArea, the scrolling unit is one pixel.
.sp
This function returns the current discrete scrolling speed of the
scrollbar.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_SetScrollbarDiscreteSpeed(3), EZ_GetScrollbarState(3)



