'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_SSheetSortRegion 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_SSheetSortRegion \- sort the specified spread sheet region

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void EZ_SSheetSortRegion( EZ_Widget *" ssheet ", int " r1 ", int " c1  ", int " r2 ", int " c2
.BI "            int "col ", int "(*cmp) (CONST  void * , CONST void *) )
.sp
.BI "void EZ_SSheetSortRegionR( EZ_Widget *" ssheet ", int " r1 ", int " c1  ", int " r2 ", int " c2
.BI "            int "row ", int "(*cmp) (CONST  void * , CONST void *) )
.sp
.BI "void EZ_SSheetSortColumns( EZ_Widget *" ssheet ", int " r1 ", int " c1  ", int " r2 ", int " c2
.BI "             int "(*cmp) (CONST  void * , CONST void *) )
.sp
.BI "void EZ_SSheetSortRows( EZ_Widget *" ssheet ", int " r1 ", int " c1  ", int " r2 ", int " c2
.BI "             int "(*cmp) (CONST  void * , CONST void *) )

        
.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIssheet\fR  Specifies a spread sheet widget.
.sp
\fIr1,c1,r2,c2\fR  Specify the upper left and lower right corner of a 
rectangular region.
.sp
\fIcol\fR Specifies a key column.
.sp
\fIrow\fR Specifies a key row.
.sp
\fIcmp\fR  Specify a comparision function. 
.SH DESCRIPTION
        
.PP
\fBEZ_SSheetSortRegion\fR uses \fIqsort\fR to sort the specified
region using the cells in the key column.
\fIcmp\fR is used to compare two strings. See the 
manual page of qsort for details. If \fIcmp\fR is NULL, this
function will use an internal comparision function to sort
the contents of the region in lexical order. The internal
comparision is listed below.
.PP
\fBEZ_SSheetSortRegionR\fR sort the specified
region using the cells in the key row.
.PP
\fBEZ_SSheetSortColumns\fR sort each 
column individually in the specified region.
.PP
\fBEZ_SSheetSortColumns\fR sort each 
row individually in the specified region.

.PP
The internal comparision function.
.nf
int EZ_CompareStr(CONST void *vaptr, CONST void *vbptr)
{
  char **aptr = (char **)vaptr;
  char **bptr = (char **)vbptr;
  char *a = *aptr, *b = *bptr;
  if(a == NULL) return(1);
  else if( b == NULL) return(-1);
  while(*a && *b && *a == *b) {a++; b++;}
  if(*a == 0) return(-1);
  else if(*b == 0) return(1);
  return( (*a > *b)? 1: -1);
}


.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_SSheetFindCell(3),  EZ_SSheetSetTabChar(3)
.br



