'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_SendMessage 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_SendMessage, EZ_BroadcastMessage, EZ_ReplyMessage \- send message
to other EZWGL clients

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
typedef struct {
  Atom       messageType;    /* message type   */
  int        messageLength;  /* message length */
  char       *message;       /* the message    */
  int        messageId;      /* message Id     */
  int        replyId;        /* if request, the message id to reply */
  int        isReply;        /* flag whether the message is a reply */
  Window     sender;         /* sender's communication window id  */
  Atom       senderClass;    /* sender's class name */
  Atom       senderInstance; /* sender's instance name */
  int        senderIsSelf;   /* is message originated from the myself? */
} EZ_Message;
.sp
.BI "void  EZ_SendMessage(Atom " mtype, " char " *message, " int " length,
.BI "                     int " msgId, " Window " recipient, " Atom " rclass,
.BI "                     Atom " rinstance, " int " needReplay, " int "isReply)
.sp
.BI "void  EZ_BroadcastMessage(Atom " mtype, " char " *message,
.BI "                          int " length, "  int " msgId, " int " needReply)
.sp "
.BI "void  EZ_ReplyMessage(EZ_Message " *fromMsg, " char " *message,  int " length)
.sp
.BI "void  EZ_ReplyMessageR(EZ_Message " *fromMsg, " char " *message,  int " length,
.BI "                       int " replyId)
.sp


.SH ARGUMENTS
\fImtype\fR  Specifies a message type.
.sp
\fImessage, length\fR  Specifies a message and the length of the message.
.sp
\fImsgId\fR Specifies a serial number. Serial number is local to each
application so the sender has to keep track of it.
.sp
\fIneedReply\fR Specifies whether or not the recipient should reply
the message.
.sp
\fIisReply\fR Specifies whether or not the message is a reply to an
incoming message.
.sp
\fIrecipient, rclass, rinstance\fR Specifies the recipient.
.sp
\fIfromMsg\fR Specifies the incoming message.
.sp
\fIreplyId\fR Specifies a serial number for other clients to reply to.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBEZ_SendMessage\fR sends the specified message to the specified
recipient. This function is rarely needed. This is the low level
routine used by \fBEZ_BoardcastMessage\fR and \fBEZ_ReplyMessage\fR.
.PP
\fBEZ_BoardcastMessage\fR broadcasts a message to all EZWGL clients.
.PP
\fBEZ_ReplyMessage\fR replys an incoming message.
.PP
\fBEZ_ReplyMessageR\fR replys an incoming message, requesting the
receiver to reply with the specified message id.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_SetDefaultMessageHandler(3), EZ_AddMessageHandler(3)
.br



