'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1997 Maorong Zou
'\" 
.TH EZ_WorkAreaClear 3 "" EZWGL "EZWGL Functions"
.BS
.SH NAME
EZ_WorkAreaClear, EZ_WorkAreaDeleteItem, EZ_WorkAreaDeleteItemUsingIdx,
EZ_WorkAreaInsertItem, EZ_WorkAreaInsertItemAfter, EZ_WorkAreaInsertItemBefore,
EZ_WorkAreaInsertItemUsingIdx, EZ_WorkAreaRearrange, EZ_WorkAreaSelectItem,
EZ_WorkAreaSelectItemUsingIdx  \- work area editing functions

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <EZ.h>
.sp
.BI "void EZ_WorkAreaClear(EZ_Widget *" warea)
.BI "void EZ_WorkAreaDeleteItem(EZ_Widget *" warea ", EZ_Item *" item)
.BI "void EZ_WorkAreaDeleteItemUsingIdx(EZ_Widget *" warea ", int " idx)
.BI "void EZ_WorkAreaInsertItem(EZ_Widget *" warea ", EZ_Item *" item)
.BI "void EZ_WorkAreaInsertItemAfter(EZ_Widget *" warea,
.BI "                         EZ_Item *" item ", EZ_Item *" newitem)
.BI "void EZ_WorkAreaInsertItemBefore(EZ_Widget *" warea,
.BI "                         EZ_Item *" item ", EZ_Item *" newitem)
.BI "void EZ_WorkAreaInsertItemUsingIdx(EZ_Widget *" warea,
.BI "                         EZ_Item *" item ", int "idx)
.BI "void EZ_WorkAreaRearrange(EZ_Widget *" warea)
.BI "void EZ_WorkAreaSelectItem(EZ_Widget *" warea,
.BI "                         EZ_Item *" item ", int *" location)
.BI "void EZ_WorkAreaSelectItemUsingIdx(EZ_Widget *" warea,
.BI  "                        int "idx ", int *" location)

.SH ARGUMENTS
\fIwarea\fR  Specifies a work area widget.
.sp
\fIitem\fR  Specifies a display item currently managed by \fIwarea\fR.
.sp
\fInewitem\fR  Specifies a new display item that is NOT currently
managed by \fIwarea\fR.
.sp
\fIidx\fR  Specifies an index.
.sp
\fIlocation\fR Specifies an array of two integers or NULL. 

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBEZ_WorkAreaClear\fR destroies all display items currently
managed by \fIwarea\fR and clears the display.
.PP
\fBEZ_WorkAreaDeleteItem\fR deletes the specified item.
.PP
\fBEZ_WorkAreaDeleteItemUsingIdx\fR deletes the item at the given position.
.PP
\fBEZ_WorkAreaInsertItem\fR inserts an item at the end of the list
of items \fIwarea\fR manages.
.PP
\fBEZ_WorkAreaInsertItemAfter\fR inserts \fInewitem\fR after
\fIitem\fR. 
.PP
\fBEZ_WorkAreaInsertItemBefore\fR inserts \fInewitem\fR in front of
\fIitem\fR. 
.PP
\fBEZ_WorkAreaInsertItemUsingIdx\fR inserts \fInewitem\fR at the
specified position.
.PP
\fBEZ_WorkAreaRearrange\fR calls the geometry manager of \fIwarea\fR
to rearrange and redisplay the list of items it manages.
.PP
\fBEZ_WorkAreaSelectItem\fR sets the selection on the given item. If
\fIlocation\fR is not NULL, the display will be adjusted so that
the selected item be displayed at the given location.
.PP
\fBEZ_WorkAreaSelectItemUsingIdx\fR  behaves the same as
\fBEZ_WorkAreaSelectItemUsingIdx\fR, except it uses array index
instead of using item directly.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
EZ_GetWorkAreaSelection(3)
.br


